here's my step-by-step strategy on how
to start the Shopify dropshipping model
if you have less than a hundred dollars
as initial investment I get it you hear
a ton about people saying they spend all
their money on Facebook ads and they
have no money to run their business and
then they just end up quitting but I
have a new approach that I've taken to
the startup method of this model that
I'm super excited to share with you guys
what is good my name is Andy and in this
video I'm going to show you how to start
Drop Shipping in 2022 with the lowest
realistic amount of capital as possible
the basis of where you'd even start this
business is to decide which product you
want to sell I'm aware that most people
use services to find these products but
those Services tend to burn through your
wallet so I'm going to show you a
technique that costs you a whopping zero
dollars all right so step one of this
strategy is to pick up your handy iPhone
and we are going to go to The Tick Tock
app once you're in The Tick Tock app go
to search bar and we're going to hit
Tick Tock made me buy it now once this
loads we're gonna go and search for
various products that we can potentially
sell right and we're looking for Pages
we're looking for various products that
are drop stream products are here if we
see this is
probably a dropshipping product has 3.4
million likes I want to see we're gonna
go hit their page so what I would do
here is I would go to the link and I'm
going to go and see whether or not they
are selling this on their online store
so let's see pet brush 30 off and then
sure enough we are directed to their
landing page 19.99 so clearly if these
guys have a link in their bio and they
have how many followers 1.2 million
followers 40.7 million likes they're
definitely generating traffic meaning
that if they even had 0.05 percent of
these people to convert they're making a
lot of money so we're kind of just
looking for various products we're
looking for various pages that run these
organic type of ugc contacts 512
000 likes to the comments I want the cup
how much does it cost so there's
definitely interest here so there's
people that want to buy this product and
like I said if even point zero five
percent of these people converts they're
making some money so we're gonna go to
the Blended bottle page 157 000
followers and then says free worldwide
shipping tap to shop you can go to the
landing page and sure enough they're
selling for 48.99 for going to
AliExpress the product itself is
definitely going to be available so
here's just a little trick that I use
tick tock maybe buy this strategy I've
actually used to find products that make
me a hundred thousand dollars every
month and as far as the cost of the
product remember that with the Drop
Shipping method you don't actually have
to pre-purchase any inventory because
you don't purchase a product until the
person actually completes that order so
product costs for the initial investment
is zero so now that you've found your
product now we need a place where
someone can buy your products so Shopify
monthly fee is 29 even though there's a
14 day free trial we're gonna count that
29 per month next you're going to need
your.com AKA your domain so we're gonna
head over to godaddy.com and it's not
going to cost you more than 15 don't get
episode on their privacy there's another
trick that I highly suggest go to Google
type in GoDaddy discounts 99 cent domain
and then go and find a discount code now
you're either going to be able to put in
and a five dollars off or you're gonna
be able to put a 99 cent domain discount
code so whichever one works use it
you're gonna save some money there but
the bottom line you're not going to
spend more than 15 on that domain and
then as far as your websites and your
apps I think personally to start you
don't need any apps that will cost money
there will be a free 30-day trial so
that first month it's going to be zero
as well and then as far as the themes
you can run with debutify or debut which
are both free themes and for your logo
to place onto your website and your
Facebook page I suggest going to a
website called Fiverr which is
essentially an Outsourcing service
you're gonna get someone that
specializes in making logos to do that
for you for a low cost so simply go to
fiverr.com go to the search bar and type
in Shopify logo and there's so many
listings to choose from generally what I
do is sort by top rated and most reviews
and just pick whatever has the best
reviews and high stars and now for your
logo I do not suggest spending more than
twenty dollars you can even get a five
dollar ten dollar domain and you can
even negotiate with these guys and say
hey if you're charging twenty fifty
dollars can we go down to ten fifteen
dollars and most of the time they will
accept or send you a custom offer so now
that we got the product the domain the
website the logo now we have to drive
traffic we have to get people onto our
website we gotta get people to convert
because if we don't have any traffic
we're not going to make any money and as
you can probably imagine with
advertising comes the cost of running
these advertisements but with this
organic method through Instagram reels
and Tick Tock we won't need to spend any
money to advertise our products so this
basic strategy I have my team follow for
posting organic content for our products
is the following and this all just
depends on how eager you are to start
and whether or not you're willing to
spend a little bit more money to start
earlier next you're going to need your
iPhone because your iPhone is going to
be used to film ugc content and you're
going to be making tick tocks identical
to the ones that went previously viral
next you're gonna need to post at least
once a day one very good Tick Tock a day
if you can two a day if you can three a
day but don't go more than three I
highly suggest one to three but make
sure the quality is there remember
quality over quantity now let's say
hypothetically you get a viral video do
not forget once you hit 1K followers to
add your link to your store in your bio
because if you don't have that then
there's just going to be more friction
and less sales for you so to conclude we
managed to spend less than a hundred
dollars to start our Shopify drops from
business with the potential to make a
lot of money if you get a viral video
key tip I highly suggest to have your
Facebook pixel in your Tick Tock pixel
and your Google analytics set in place
so that let's say you do get that viral
video all that data is then tracked so
then you can go and run Facebook ads and
know that you have all that data that's
been collected so that your cost per
purchase is a lot lower and Facebook
essentially knows who it needs to Target
when you run your ads anyway that was
pretty much my strategy on how to start
the shop by dropshipping method in 2022
with less than a hundred dollars so if
you enjoy this video if you liked it
please do press that Thumbs Up Button
subscribe because I'm going to be
posting more videos just like this and
comment below any suggestions you guys
have I'll see you guys in the next video
peace
[Music]
[Applause]